fix: align k3s naming, improve error messages, correct docs (#1876)
devantler-tech/ksail: docs/src/content/docs/installation.mdx

  <TabItem label="Go Install">
    ### Go Install

>     If you have Go 1.22+ installed, you can install KSail directly from source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have Go 1.25.4+ installed, you can install KSail directly from source:
```
